
h1. Blacker's Manga Reader

h2. Description

...

h2. 3rd party software, libraries, etc.

Blacker's Manga Reader is using following 3rd-party libraries:

* WPF and Silverlight BookControls - "http://wpfbookcontrol.codeplex.com/(http://wpfbookcontrol.codeplex.com/)":http://wpfbookcontrol.codeplex.com/
* log4net - "http://logging.apache.org/log4net/(http://logging.apache.org/log4net/)":http://logging.apache.org/log4net/
* MahApps.Metro - "https://github.com/MahApps/MahApps.Metro(https://github.com/MahApps/MahApps.Metro)":https://github.com/MahApps/MahApps.Metro
* SharpCompress - "http://sharpcompress.codeplex.com/(http://sharpcompress.codeplex.com/)":http://sharpcompress.codeplex.com/

most of these libraries are automatically loaded to the solution using "NuGet(http://nuget.codeplex.com/)":http://nuget.codeplex.com/

MangaScraper is also using some icons from "Templarian/WindowsIcons set (https://github.com/Templarian/WindowsIcons)":https://github.com/Templarian/WindowsIcons 

h2. License

Blacker's Manga Reader
Copyright (c) 2013, Lukáš Černý
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.